Update README for initial release (#21)
inspec/inspec-vault: README.md

you@machine $ inspec plugin install inspec-vault
```

## Loading Secrets into Vault

> Getting started with Vault is beyond the scope of this document, but you can download a recent version from https://www.vaultproject.io . Then start a Vault dev-mode server:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Getting started with Vault is beyond the scope of this document. Start by downloading a recent version from https://www.vaultproject.io . Then, start a Vault dev-mode server with the following command:
```

```
$ vault server -dev
```

> And you can then store an input. Let's assume you want to store an input named `my_input` with the value 2, for the profile `my_profile`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From there, you can store an input. For example, look at the command below to store an input named `my_input` with the value of 2 for the profile `my_profile`. Once entered, the command also generates key metadata.
```

```
[cwolfe@lodi inspec-vault]$ vault kv put secret/inspec/my_profile my_input=2
Key              Value
---              -----
created_time     2019-09-10T17:54:16.237055Z
deletion_time    n/a
destroyed        false
version          1
```

> With that value stored, Inspec will now be able to retrieve the value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With that value stored, Chef InSpec will now be able to retrieve the value.
```

## What This Plugin Does

> Whenever profile code like this is encountered:

Reviewer: It feels like half a sentence is missing. Was the sentence meant to continue after the profile code example (below, lines 39 - 44)?

Author: I've added transitional sentences before and after.

```ruby
# In profile "my_profile"

> describe input("some_input") do

Reviewer 2: `input`?

Author: This is intentional - I'm testing the value of an input.

  it { should cmp "some_expected_value" }
end
```

> With no other settings, Chef InSpec will look for a Vault secret located at `secret/inspec/my_profile` with a key "some_input". It will use the Vault if found; otherwise it will fall back to other means of resolving the input, such as the profile metadata or CLI values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With no other settings, Chef InSpec will look for a Vault secret located at `secret/inspec/my_profile` with a key of "some_input". Chef InSpec will use the Vault secret if found, but otherwise it will fall back to other means of resolving the input, such as the profile metadata or CLI values.
```

## Configuring the Plugin

Each plugin option may be set either as an environment variable, or as a plugin option in your Chef InSpec configuration file at `~/.inspec/config.json`. For example, to set the `prefix_path` option in the config file, lay out the config file as follows:

```json
{
  "version": "1.2",
  "plugins":{
    "inspec-vault":{
      "prefix_path":"my-profiles"
    }
  }
}
```

Config file option names are always lowercase.

This plugin supports the following options:

### INSPEC_VAULT_MOUNT_POINT

### mount_point

> A string that indicates the where the key-value path should begin; default value is "secret". The path is constructed as `<mount_point>/data/<path_prefix>/<profile_name>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A string that indicates where the key-value path should begin; default value is "secret". The path is constructed as `<mount_point>/data/<path_prefix>/<profile_name>`.
```

you@machine $ inspec plugin install inspec-vault
```

## Loading Secrets into Vault

> A full introduction to Vault is beyond the scope of this document, but begin by can downloading a recent version from https://www.vaultproject.io . Then, start a Vault dev-mode server with the following command:

Reviewer: Signed-off-by: Mary Jinglewski <mjinglewski@chef.io>
```suggestion
A full introduction to Vault is beyond the scope of this document, but begin by downloading a recent version from https://www.vaultproject.io . Then, start a Vault dev-mode server with the following command:
```

```
$ vault server -dev
```

> From there, you can then store an input. For example, look at the command below to store an input named `my_input` with the value of 2, for the profile `my_profile`. Once entered, Vault responds with metadata about the entry.

Reviewer: Signed-off-by: Mary Jinglewski <mjinglewski@chef.io>
```suggestion
From there, you can then store an input. For example, look at the command below to store an input named `my_input` with the value of 2, for the profile named `my_profile`. Once entered, Vault responds with metadata about the entry.
```

```
[cwolfe@lodi inspec-vault]$ vault kv put secret/inspec/my_profile my_input=2
Key              Value
---              -----
created_time     2019-09-10T17:54:16.237055Z
deletion_time    n/a
destroyed        false
version          1
```

With that value stored, Chef InSpec will now be able to retrieve the value.

## What This Plugin Does

With the inspec-vault plugin enabled, Chef InSpec will contact the Vault server whenever an `input()` DSL call appears in profile control code. For example, whenever profile code like this is encountered:

```ruby
# In profile "my_profile"
describe input("some_input") do
  it { should cmp "some_expected_value" }
end
```

> Chef Inspec will determine a secret lookup path and access Vault. With no other settings, Chef InSpec will look for a Vault secret located at `secret/inspec/my_profile` with a key named "some_input". Chef InSpec will use the Vault secret if found, but otherwise it will fall back to other means of resolving the input, such as the profile metadata or CLI values.

Reviewer: Signed-off-by: Mary Jinglewski <mjinglewski@chef.io>
```suggestion
Chef InSpec will determine a secret lookup path and access Vault. With no other settings, Chef InSpec will look for a Vault secret located at `secret/inspec/my_profile` with a key named `some_input`. Chef InSpec will use the Vault secret if found, but otherwise it will fall back to other means of resolving the input, such as the profile metadata or CLI values.
```
